preserve your travel memories forever in
stylish coin bezels as jewelry keychains
and more learn how to measure your
foreign currency accurately to find the
perfect bezel for your coin using this
guide from esslinger-dot-com be aware
that just knowing what type of coin you
have is not a guarantee for finding the
right size bezel not all coins are
minted completely identically so you
should always measure your coin before
ordering a bezel
you will need a digital gauge a piece of
paper
start by taking the coin you wish to
place in a coin bezel and laying it out
flat on your work surface
you will use your digital gauge to first
measure the diameter of your coin set
your gauge to millimeters and holding it
over the coin open the jaws of the gauge
wider than the coin close the jaws of
your gauge until they grip either side
of the coin as close to the diameter as
you get record the measurement
repeat this process and measure the
diameter of the coin at least two more
times so you can be sure that you have
an accurate diameter measurement
if the coins edges are worn down you
should be extra sure to take multiple
measurements and get an average diameter
once you have a solid diameter
measurement pick up the coin and hold it
between your fingers like this so you
can measure the thickness take your
digital gauge in your free hand and open
the jaws wider than the thickness of the
coin position the open jaws of the gauge
on either side of the coin and close
them until the gauge grips the coin
securely record the thickness with both
the diameter and thickness measurements
recorded you can order a bezel that will
fit your coin by comparing your
measurements to a sizing chart to learn
how to fit your coin into a coin bezel
check out this guide or to learn more
about repairing jewelry you can visit
esslinger.com youtube channel or
Learning Center
you